chore(*): getporter org updates (#7)
getporter/vanity: README.md

# Porter's Go Vanity Server

> Porter uses a vanity import, for example `get.porter.sh/porter` instead of `github.com/getporter/porter`, so that in the future when Porter moves to another GitHub organization, it doesn't cause problems and break mixins.

Reviewer: Since we have just done the move and don't plan on doing another, let's remove that old wording to avoid giving people ideas.

```suggestion
Porter uses a vanity import, for example `get.porter.sh/porter` instead of `github.com/getporter/porter`, so that our go package imports aren't tied to our source control.
```
